And now the third and final part
of building these rotating cards in the tours section.
So this is what the back part looks like.
It's just the text saying only $297.
And then down here one of these white buttons,
which we already have.
So we have one single box
that is all of this content here,
which I am calling the call to action box,
which is nicely centered vertically and horizontally
inside of the cart.
So, that shouldn't be all too hard, right?
So, the back part.
So, the CTA, so call to action box,
which is easier to write.
And actually I forgot the card.
Block name here, of course, that needs to be here.
And so, what do we have in here?
So, we should also have a small box for the price.
So I restate only and then the $297.
So a box for both these things.
So let's call it cart price box, very simple.
And then simply the only.
So I will make this a paragraph.
Okay, because it's just a word of text.
So, card
price only.
So, only, and then another paragraph,
card
price value.
So these may sound like a bit weird names.
Well, it's not really easy to find all these names
for all these elements we have
for our interfaces.
So we have the card price box,
and then after that we have the button.
Remember, so we have an A element with a class button.
And pointing to nowhere.
And it says book now.
All right, and remember that we had I think two
types of buttons, let me take that out actually.
So, we had the button and the white button.
There will probably be a green one
sometime, but okay, for now we have the white one.
So I should also add here the button white.
And actually it's too for the modifier.
So button white in here.
So, card CTA contains all of this.
So let's now style a card CTA.
So, front side styling just to keep
this nicely organized here.
So card CTA.
And remember, we're going to position it
with absolute positioning.
So, position, absolute, and then our center method.
Remember how that works?
So, top, we move it 50% down.
Left, we move it 50% of the parent element's width
to the left, and then we transform it back
to the exact center.
So, translate, minus 50%, and this time
of the width of the element, not the parent.
And 50% of the height as well
minus 50% to put it back up.
So the exact same thing as we did in the header.
Let's just quickly check that out before we move on.
Wow, something is not working 100%.
Well, now it's on the other side,
so it's a bit difficult to check it out.
Okay, but we can still see it here.
It's like invisible, but I can see what's going on here.
It's here, so there's a small mistake.
Okay, and that should fix it.
Now, moving on, we have the prize box.
And we also have the price only.
And the price value.
Okay, the price value should be really big.
Remember that one.
So, let's put it to six rem.
And then really a thin text, so font weight 100.
Because usually when we have really huge text,
it looks better when we then make it really thin
instead of just leaving it like a big and bold text.
And then the only part can be quite small actually.
So font size 1.4 rem.
And two upper case.
So let's take a look right now.
All right, so that looks quite cool actually already.
We just have to center this here,
make the text white, and then add some margin here.
Okay, and for that, the price box is perfect
because it contains these two price only
and price value.
And so, we can do text line center here.
We can set a margin to the bottom of eight rem.
And we can also set a color to white here.
Because remember, the other elements will then
inherit this property.
So, color white,
and we should be good to go.
Then there's only one problem left to fix,
which is this button here.
But I think I know why that is.
So let me actually inspect this.
But, first of all, let me do something.
So, this is the back side of the card.
If we remove this rotate here,
okay, then we can actually manipulate this.
So, what you're seeing here is that the button
is adapting to the width of this CTA box here.
And that's why then the text is broken up into lines.
So, all we have to do is to really give this some width,
and then that should eventually fix it.
So, CTA, just give it some width.
Maybe not 100%, but like 90%, that should be okay.
So, I also noticed that here is an error.
So, price, somehow I would print, okay.
But now I believe that it's okay.
Well, still not really, because it's now not centered.
That's also an easy fix.
We just have to make text align center here.
And we can actually copy that from here.
So, that should work now.
All right, so really nice.
So, that was easier.
Now all we have to do is to actually create
the other two cards and then put the green button in here.
So, these are the other two cards.
Let me show them to you.
So, it says 497 on the back,
897 on the back this one, and on the front,
they look like this.
So what I want you to do is to now
go ahead and actually build these cards by yourself.
I think I already gave you the colors.
Yeah, I did, I know I did.
And so, you're ready to actually do this all by yourself.
Well, except maybe for the images.
So you don't have the names of the images.
So let me give them to you.
So, it's here.
So I can give you the images of the backgrounds.
They are simply called six
and seven, okay?
So, then all you have to do is to change
the color names here.
So this is the text here.
Go ahead and copy it and I'll see you back here in a second.
So, I hope you managed to make it work.
So, now really quickly going to do it as well here.
So one column here, and actually I don't think it's
all of this, so we want this column.
So I can copy all of this in this way.
Oh, and actually I already have the columns here.
So sorry about that, let's just copy the card then.
Give it some space.
It's only one r, so the first hiker.
Seven,
40, and six.
And it's medium.
And it also costs 497.
Of course, it's
picture two, span two, and back two.
And now the same thing down here.
The snow adventure, and it's a five day tour,
up 15,
three sleeping provided tents again.
And this one is hard, and so it's more expensive.
897.
All right, and now in the CSS.
So we have number two and three.
So here it's the green one is the primary.
And this is a tertiary.
And the same thing here.
And, of course, this one here.
And, finally, well, where's the other one?
Okay, yeah, it was up here.
And, finally, the tertiary color.
And let's hope that it works now.
And it does, so this is my version here.
It's not the original version.
So, here we go.
This is exactly it.
So, three cards, all rotating, all looking amazing.
Now all there's left to do actually is to
put this button here.
Okay, so let's do that.
And that's a final thing we have to do in this section.
So right here, after the row, I believe that's the row.
So right here after the row is where we're
gonna put it then.
And how should we do it?
Well, remember that the button is centered
and it has some margin between the card
and the button.
And so, this is actually a similar case to
this heading that we have here going on.
So we simply put a div here.
Then we had some helper classes which helped us.
And that's what we're gonna do now,
so let me just copy that and put it here.
So we want this to be centered.
Of course no H two here this time.
But instead is an anchor link.
So a.button pointing to nowhere again.
And then here, this cover all tours.
So this would lead to some page where
all the tours are listed, but which we don't have
in our project of course.
And for example, then on this page here,
there could be all of the available tours,
and then we could reuse all of these cards here.
And so, that's why we did them as components.
Now, this here is for margin bottom big.
But we want something for margin to the top.
So let's add another helper class.
So another utility.
And let's simply call it margin top, why not?
Margin top.
And so, this way we don't have to create
a whole new style just to position this button
where we want it to be.
Okay, actually we have to say that it's a green button.
And I think we don't have it already.
I think it's only the white one that we have.
And, yeah, it seems so.
So,
green and here it's called color primary
because that's our green color.
And so, that should work now already.
Let's check it out.
And, yeah, here we go.
There's just one thing that we have to change,
which is just the color, which is not gray dark
in here in the green one, but here it's actually white.
And the rest should be perfect.
So let's close it.
Close this one as well.
And so, yeah, so here we go, that's it.
It's the title, it's the boxes, and it's the button.
Oh, and now we said we should fix this huge space here.
So let's finish with that.
So, maybe 15 it enough on the bottom.
And, yeah, so that looks good.
Now, just this space here seems to be big,
bigger than this one here, while in fact,
it's also 80 pixels, but I guess it looks different
because of the shadow here, so it gives us
a different impression.
So let's change the big one here to,
oh, let's actually create a new one, why not?
So we are more consistent this way.
So, one is called huge.
And huge has 10 rem.
So, we want a huge margin for the top.
And then finally one thing that I noticed here
is that these corners here are no longer round.
And that actually happens because of the clear path
property that we used here.
So this clear path in Google Chrome,
the breaks the over flow that we sat for that.
So remember, we actually sat the overflow hidden
so that these corners that are overflowing
the parent element are actually hidden.
But for some reason when we then use the clear path here
on that very image, then the overflow no longer works.
So we have to now set this manually,
but that's not a big deal.
So, border, top, left, radius, three pixels.
Border, top, right, and this should be the final line
of code of this.
Let's check out how many lines we wrote.
Well, actually not 200, but 160, but still not so bad.
If you put that together with the HTML, that's probably like
300 lines of code.
All right, and so now the cards are finalized.
You see that the borders are now back to being rounded.
And, yeah, it's overall a very nice design.
And this was once again very great progress for you.
Lots of new tools for you, lots of stuff to think about.
And that is the whole point of this course.